This is the Historical Stock Market Data of five major Big Tech companies: NVIDIA (NVDA), 
Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), Google (GOOGL), and Amazon (AMZN) over a period of 
15 years from January 1, 2010 to January 1, 2025.

It includes daily stock data with opening and closing prices, highs, lows and trading volume.
This dataset serves as a valuable resource for analyzing long term growth trends, volatility 
and market behavior of leading tech giants.
By analyzing this dataset, we can gain a deeper understanding of NVDA, AAPL, MSFT, 
GOOGL, and AMZN's historical stock behavior over 15 years and make predictions about their 
future performance.

Date: The trading date of the stock data entry.
Close_AAPL: Apple’s stock price at market close at the end of the trading days.
Close_AMZN: Amazon’s stock price at market close at the end of the trading days.
Close_GOOGL: Google’s stock price at market close at the end of the trading days.
Close_MSFT: Microsoft’s stock price at the end of the trading days.
Close_NVDA: NVIDIA’s stock price at the end of the trading days.
High_AAPL: The highest price of Apple’s stock reached during the trading days.
High_AMZN: The highest price of Amazon’s stock reached during the trading days.
High_GOOGL: The highest price of Google’s stock reached during the trading days.
High_MSFT: The highest price of Microsoft’s stock reached during the trading days.
High_NVDA: The highest price of NVIDIA’s stock reached during the trading days.
Low_AAPL: The lowest price of Apple’s stock reached during the trading days.
Low_AMZN: The lowest price of Amazon’s stock reached during the trading days.
Low_GOOGL: The lowest price of Google’s stock reached during the trading days.
Low_MSFT: The lowest price of Microsoft’s stock reached during the trading days.
Low_NVDA: The lowest price NVIDIA’s stock reached during the trading days.
Open_AAPL: Apple’s opening stock price at the beginning of the trading days.
Open_AMZN: Amazon’s opening stock price at the beginning of the trading days.
Open_GOOGL: Google’s opening stock price at the beginning of the trading days.
Open_MSFT: Microsoft’s opening stock price at the beginning of the trading days.
Open_NVDA: NVIDIA’s opening stock price at the beginning of the trading days.
Volume_AAPL: The number of shares traded of Apple’s stock during the trading days.
Volume_AMZN: The number of shares traded of Amazon’s stock during the trading days.
Volume_GOOGL: The number of shares traded of Google’s stock during the trading days.
Volume_MSFT: The number of shares traded of Microsoft’s stock during the trading days.
Volume_NVDA: The number of shares traded of NVIDIA’s stock during the trading days.